---
location: miami
title: pleb.fi July 2025
url: /july2025/
description: pleb.fi. July event.
aliases: ["/july2025/", "/JULY2025"]
description: pleb.fi. July 2025 event.
---
# [pleb.fi](/)
# [/july2025](/july2025)


### july 26-27 at TBD 

### come hack on things that will blow your minds

come for 2 days of hacking, mentorship, workshops, and discussions. the theme is TBD.

# APPLICATIONS
fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/rDoCG45VLXVpETW56) and we'll send you a follow up email to buy tickets through eventbrite.

ticket prices will be:
1. $20 for early bird (before July 18)
2. $40 regular (July 18+)

# with gratitude to...
interested in becoming a sponsor? we'd love to have you! reach out to us [here](https://forms.gle/cnmdTceJZAhaGLuX8)!

# prepping for pleb.fi / gimme homework?
resources and documentation coming soon...🤖


### so...what's the plan?

**july 26**

if you want to speak, submit your topic proposal [here](https://forms.gle/U5gmmBNGGY68qJpr9).
| Time | Speaker | Topic |
| --------- | ----- | -----|
| TBD | TBD | TBD |

**july 27**
| Time | Speaker | Topic |
| --------- | ----- | -----|
| TBD | TBD | TBD |

## key dates

- **sat july 26th morning-day: workshops + talks**
- **sat july 26th evening: hackathon kickoff**
- **sun july 27th morning: hackathon**
- **sun july 27th afternoon: hackathon judging & demos**

## the hackathon deets

we will have a 24 hour hackathon sprint starting after the workshops (please sleep tho) for plebs to build and showcase innovative ideas for the bitcoin ecosystem. don't have any ideas or friends? the workshops will surely inspire.

there will be prizes! (subject to change till the event starts).

| track | cash |
| --------- | ----- |
| track 1 | $2000 |
| track 2 | $2000 |


## basic rules
**must be new**

no cheating allowed -- while it's OK if your submission is part of a larger
project or ecosystem, the point is to try out new things and explore. there's no [firm rule](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_know_it_when_I_see_it) here -- we'll know
cheating when we see it, and disqualify at our discretion. when in doubt, ask an organizer if your project is in the spirit of the event.

**teams**

teams can have 3-4 members.

to make the event more inclusive, you can also have a 'remote only' +1
teammate, just let us know in advance who they are. in the spirit of getting
real remote participants, we encourage remotes to be e.g. 2 hours+ away from
miami (if you see them during the event in person it's a disqualifier).

## how to win

BUIDL WHAT MAKES YOU THE MOST EXCITED AND SHOWCASES WHAT YOU'VE LEARNED!

judging is subjective but at this event we're going to try to evaluate on the following categories:

1) did you learn something new that others can learn from?
2) does your project address a problem people want solved?
3) is it cool?

so hackathon submissions should include:
1. overview of the project
1. demo
1. what you've learned

### with love

1. [ecurrencyhodler](https://twitter.com/ecurrencyhodler)